all right you have to look at my frying
pan again about a tablespoon of olive
oil and you're going to cook one large
onion and you'll start with this so it
can cook till it is caramelized my kids
have a bit of a sweet tooth they do not
like onion but if I caramelize it they
don't even notice onion or sometimes
they don't notice that the onions are in
it so that's gonna cook a while while I
prepare and chop the other food so while
my onions are cooking I'm gonna chop up
one romaine heart into small I'd say
slices but so you get this broken up
okay I finished the Leveson I start the
onions it's starting to turn a little
bit Brown my husband wanted to thought
salsa would be good but I wanted to go
with some fresh vegetables I don't like
don't always like going with a can
especially since you may go with can in
with the beans so two tomatoes chopped
into or diced great this is a very
pretty color and it tastes just right
for the onions all right
you have a good another onion because I
thought it needs it I'm going to add
turn this down to low and let that cook
while my rice is cooking this is about 3
cups of wild rice cooked in a pressure
cooker adjustment I will use jasmine
rice cooked on the stove as well but the
pressure cooker gives it the kind of
machinist that I like pour in the
dressing and stir
now it's time to construct your burrito
you have your tortilla that has been
heated in the oven for about five
minutes at 350
you have your lettuce your tomatoes your
rice and your beans then fold it up and
you're ready to eat
enjoy your insane vegetarian burrito